README.md, before:

# React + Vite

This template provides a minimal setup to get React working in Vite with HMR and some ESLint rules.

Currently, two official plugins are available:

- [@vitejs/plugin-react](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react/README.md) uses [Babel](https://babeljs.io/) for Fast Refresh
- [@vitejs/plugin-react-swc](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react-swc) uses [SWC](https://swc.rs/) for Fast Refresh

cd c:\Coding\website HAND2HAND\client
npm install @radix-ui/react-avatar@^1.1.0
npm install @radix-ui/react-checkbox@^1.1.1
npm install @radix-ui/react-dialog@^1.1.1
npm install @radix-ui/react-dropdown-menu@^2.1.1
npm install @radix-ui/react-label@^2.1.0
npm install @radix-ui/react-select@^2.1.1
npm install @radix-ui/react-separator@^1.1.0
npm install @radix-ui/react-slot@^1.1.0
npm install @radix-ui/react-tabs@^1.1.0
npm install @radix-ui/react-toast@^1.2.1
npm install @reduxjs/toolkit@^2.2.7
npm install axios@^1.7.4
npm install class-variance-authority@^0.7.0
npm install clsx@^2.1.1
npm install lucide-react@^0.429.0
npm install react@^18.3.1
npm install react-dom@^18.3.1
npm install react-redux@^9.1.2
npm install react-router-dom@^6.26.1
npm install tailwind-merge@^2.5.2
npm install tailwindcss-animate@^1.0.7


npm install --save-dev @eslint/js@^9.9.0
npm install --save-dev @types/react@^18.3.3
npm install --save-dev @types/react-dom@^18.3.0
npm install --save-dev @vitejs/plugin-react@^4.3.1
npm install --save-dev autoprefixer@^10.4.20
npm install --save-dev eslint@^9.9.0
npm install --save-dev eslint-plugin-react@^7.35.0
npm install --save-dev eslint-plugin-react-hooks@^5.1.0-rc.0
npm install --save-dev eslint-plugin-react-refresh@^0.4.9
npm install --save-dev globals@^15.9.0
npm install --save-dev postcss@^8.4.41
npm install --save-dev tailwindcss@^3.4.10
npm install --save-dev vite@^5.4.1

cd c:\Coding\website HAND2HAND\server

npm install bcryptjs@^2.4.3
npm install cloudinary@^2.4.0
npm install cookie-parser@^1.4.6
npm install cors@^2.8.5
npm install dotenv@^16.4.5
npm install express@^4.19.2
npm install jsonwebtoken@^9.0.2
npm install mongoose@^8.5.3
npm install multer@^1.4.5-lts.1
npm install nodemon@^3.1.4
npm install paypal-rest-sdk@^1.8.1

Commit message:

Updated README with setup instructions

README.md, after:

# React + Vite

This template provides a minimal setup to get React working in Vite with HMR and some ESLint rules.

# Hand2Hand 🛍️

**Hand2Hand** is a web platform designed to enable users to donate, exchange, or sell used items within their community. Built with a full-stack JavaScript architecture using **React + Vite** for the frontend and **Node.js + Express** for the backend, this app promotes sustainability and responsible consumption.


## 🚀 Tech Stack

- **Frontend**: React, Vite, TailwindCSS, Redux
- **Backend**: Node.js, Express, MongoDB
- **UI Libraries**: Radix UI, Lucide Icons
- **Other Tools**: Axios, Cloudinary, PayPal SDK, JWT

## 📦 Installation & Setup

### 🖥️ Clone the Repository

```bash
git clone https://github.com/rakshitha-11/Hand2Hand.git
cd Hand2Hand


Currently, two official plugins are available:

- [@vitejs/plugin-react](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react/README.md) uses [Babel](https://babeljs.io/) for Fast Refresh
- [@vitejs/plugin-react-swc](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react-swc) uses [SWC](https://swc.rs/) for Fast Refresh

cd c:\Coding\website HAND2HAND\client
npm install @radix-ui/react-avatar@^1.1.0
npm install @radix-ui/react-checkbox@^1.1.1
npm install @radix-ui/react-dialog@^1.1.1
npm install @radix-ui/react-dropdown-menu@^2.1.1
npm install @radix-ui/react-label@^2.1.0
npm install @radix-ui/react-select@^2.1.1
npm install @radix-ui/react-separator@^1.1.0
npm install @radix-ui/react-slot@^1.1.0
npm install @radix-ui/react-tabs@^1.1.0
npm install @radix-ui/react-toast@^1.2.1
npm install @reduxjs/toolkit@^2.2.7
npm install axios@^1.7.4
npm install class-variance-authority@^0.7.0
npm install clsx@^2.1.1
npm install lucide-react@^0.429.0
npm install react@^18.3.1
npm install react-dom@^18.3.1
npm install react-redux@^9.1.2
npm install react-router-dom@^6.26.1
npm install tailwind-merge@^2.5.2
npm install tailwindcss-animate@^1.0.7


npm install --save-dev @eslint/js@^9.9.0
npm install --save-dev @types/react@^18.3.3
npm install --save-dev @types/react-dom@^18.3.0
npm install --save-dev @vitejs/plugin-react@^4.3.1
npm install --save-dev autoprefixer@^10.4.20
npm install --save-dev eslint@^9.9.0
npm install --save-dev eslint-plugin-react@^7.35.0
npm install --save-dev eslint-plugin-react-hooks@^5.1.0-rc.0
npm install --save-dev eslint-plugin-react-refresh@^0.4.9
npm install --save-dev globals@^15.9.0
npm install --save-dev postcss@^8.4.41
npm install --save-dev tailwindcss@^3.4.10
npm install --save-dev vite@^5.4.1

cd c:\Coding\website HAND2HAND\server

npm install bcryptjs@^2.4.3
npm install cloudinary@^2.4.0
npm install cookie-parser@^1.4.6
npm install cors@^2.8.5
npm install dotenv@^16.4.5
npm install express@^4.19.2
npm install jsonwebtoken@^9.0.2
npm install mongoose@^8.5.3
npm install multer@^1.4.5-lts.1
npm install nodemon@^3.1.4
npm install paypal-rest-sdk@^1.8.1
